# Ormeus-Cash 
Ormeus Cash (OMC) is an asset-backed virtual currency with a stable price - a new breed of cryptocurrency known as a Stablecoin. The collateral for the coin is held trustlessly in smart contracts, so users don’t have to rely on third parties to confirm or redeem. OMC has all the features that make Bitcoin so appealing, but it doesn’t suffer from the same volatility or protracted transaction times, making it much more usable as a store of value, medium of exchange, and unit of account. The virtual currency is secured by one of the biggest industrial cryptocurrency mining operations in the world via the gold-standard, ‘Proof of Asset’ pioneer, Ormeus Coin and its reserve cash vault. Ormeus avoids a fiat-collateralized scheme by creating a mining reserve vault lined with Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Dash, Litecoin, and Ethereum. Future company plans will see Ormeus Cash secured by other assets in the reserve vault such as commodities, property and medicinal products. The new crypto cash stabilizes further by introducing the concept of ‘elastic coin supply’, which involves transactional current account and savings account wallets. OMC enables users to instantly and privately transact with crypto at brick-and-mortar stores and mainstream online markets, without cumbersome and time-consuming exchange processes. Featuring mobile tap-to-pay DApp (Decentralized Application) wallet, automated savings and loyalty rewards, OMC is empowering people to make the most of their money. Using intuitive technology and customizable tools, the digital currency delivers a contactless payment system that is the solution to crypto point-of-sale transactions; a smarter way to spend, save, share and earn money straight from a mobile phone. Customers and shop owners can use OMC in a completely decentralized and inexpensive way by transacting in-store through an innovative Blockchain payment processing unit powered by a leading technology company. Without the excessive hidden fees of merchants, acquirers, issuers and credit card schemes - OMC is a fast and lucrative solution for payments in the new world of cryptocurrency. Stored in the Ormeus Digital Wallet, the token is available at leading cryptocurrency exchanges. This is Ormeus Cash – a dynamic, cryptocurrency Stablecoin for next-generation payments.
